docs: document "has multiple values" response type in Wait for Response (#640)
glific/docs: docs/4. Product Features/03. Flows/2. Flow Actions/04. Wait for the contact to respond.md

### 4. has only the phrase
Accepts only if the response matches exactly what is defined in the response criteria.

### 5. has multiple values
Accepts the input only if every word in the response is one of the values defined in the response criteria. Multiple values can be added, separated by commas, and the response is checked the same way.

The contact does not need to send every value from the list and can send them in any order, but the response is valid only if all the words in it come from the defined list. If the response includes even one word that is not in the list, it is treated as invalid.

> This is the opposite of has any of the words, which accepts the response if even a single word matches, regardless of the rest of the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the mirror of has all of the words: that operator requires every criteria word to appear in the reply, while has multiple values requires every reply word to appear in the criteria.
```
